What are you talking about, Jin-ka?
No, I'm talking about Gokinji.
I'm talking about Jin-ka.
If you say that, I'll make you sleep.
I'll be quiet and say that.
But you can't do that.
You can't do that.
The real reason you make someone fall is by his or her guts.
But he depends on you.
You can think of uku ho-ho-ho o-hoho on e menjadi SOLO,
but don't masters get it?
FeQue e Nam으로 S sensation aljang ¡ tiene sua ought¡ V
You can stop thinking a word and dissipate it.
Are you scared of that half-
noon?
No, I'm afraid of those dumb things.
I'm not a servant. I'm a farmer.
That's right.
Then go ahead.
I don't want to see the cherry blossoms.
I have a garden and the cherry blossoms are in full bloom.
That's right.
That's why I'm not going to see the cherry blossoms.
I don't have a few flowers.
The cherry blossoms are in full bloom.
I'm not going to see them.
Does I need more flowers?
What!
Do I need those
in the form of flowers?
Do I need them?
I'm going for cherry blossoms.
Find out what he's saying.
Do I have crispy vegetables?
I'm not going to take
any fruit from them.
I'm not going to touch them.
He's going on about it.
They're in full blossom.
Wait, wait. I'll write a short poem.
A soldier of Gakusa wrote a short poem.
I'll show you.
Look, it's a big one.
He wrote it with his mouth.
Here I am.
How was it? Did I say something wrong?
I wrote it with my body.
This is a short poem.
I'm a scholar. I'll write a short poem.
I'll write it with my body.
I wrote it somehow.
The flower that bloomed next to the soldier's body
will die if the bed is destroyed.
What?
The flower that bloomed next to the soldier's body
will die if the bed is destroyed.
Yo Musashi, look.
They would have over Below that,
the silently working soldier on the road.
They'd have a hard time.
I can still read, but right now.
Don't think about it.
Thank you very much.